In the last video, you got up and running with the front-end connected to the blockchain.
You check the functionality by opening the HTML file.
The next step you'll need to do is get it on a local host.
When you do that, you'll encounter any errors you made in
your setup and be able to connect to existing tools more effectively.
In this video, I'll walk through this process by starting
a local server testing my DApp and then taking note of any errors that come up.
To serve my site locally,
I use something called light server.
You can download this for yourself or serve it however you prefer.
On my end, I'll just click down here on Go Live.
That opens up my site and I can see how I did so far.
I'll open up my console to see how it looks.
So far, everything looks great.
I'll send a message, "Hey Ethereum," to see how this button works.
When I do that, I see an error that comes up.
What it says is that the Web3 object does not
support synchronous methods without a callback parameter.
So, what happened here?
Well, if I look back to my code,
I can see that I never set this line as a callback.
This idea has come up in the past,
but it's an important distinction to show.
If you're working with just your HTML file loaded up,
you may be overlooking some important things
like callbacks that will come back to you later on.
So, given that you know the error,
see if you can rewrite this line as a callback so that the error goes away.
You can pause the video to try it for yourself.
If not, I'll show you how to fix this now.
First, to help keep things a little cleaner,
I'll pull out the user input and set it to a variable named message.
Then, I can call that variable from within setMessage.
Next, I'll write the callback.
This is similar to the syntax we've used before and hopefully should look familiar.
Once I do this, we should have fix the error.
I'll go back to my site,
reload the page, and try inputting the message again.
Cool. By adding the callback function,
I can now set messages and there's no more errors.
I'll open up Ganache to watch the transactions log onto the blockchain.
I'll send, "Everything works."
No transaction showed up.
I'll try again. "Hello, does everything work?"
Well, it's in my console but there's no transaction being logged on my blockchain.
Alternatively, you might get a message that looks like this,
"Uncaught error, invalid address."
In both cases, these are happening for a similar reason.
Take a minute to think about why this is going on.
Keep in mind that we're on a live server right now.
So we're expected to have tool setup in the same way
that they would be when our users are interacting with our DApp.
If you're not sure, don't worry.
In the next video, I'll show you what the problem is and how we can fix it.